Adding documentation on prefetching  in Sync Receive API (#25844)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/docs/SyncReceiveAndPrefetch.md

> ### The Sync receiveMessages API and implicit Prefetch:

Reviewer: I think the headers should be at level 1 (ie. `# Sync ``receiveMessages`` API and implicit prefetch`) and the subsequent ones at level 2 (ie. `##`)

I think it makes it more obvious what each section focuses on, too. :)

> The documentation [here][prefetchgeneral] describes the Service Bus SDK prefetch feature in general. It also states that setting the prefetch-count property in the builder to zero disables prefetch.

Reviewer: We could add a link to this doc in azure-messaging-servicebus/README.md under the troubleshooting guide.

Author: Good idea! I'll do that after merging this pr to ensure the referenced file is in place.

Author: addressed in the pr: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/25885

```java
int msgCnt = 0;
for (ServiceBusReceivedMessage message : messagesIterable) {
    msgCnt++;
    System.out.println("Received Message #" + msgCnt);
}
```

Here is the state of the prefetch-queue after two passes of iteration: 

<img width="892" alt="PrefetchQueueReading" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1471612/144964587-a3ceb0e6-3157-4e29-968b-5f1243eeefd3.png">

#### The shared nature of prefetch-queue:

The prefetch-queue is scoped to the Client and shared across all `receiveMessages` calls.

Given the prefetch-queue is shared, the messages will get asynchronously buffered even if:
1. the application ignores the Iterable returned from `receiveMessages` calls.
2. the application stops iteration in the middle.
3. the `maxTimeout` elapses before receiving `maxMessages`.

> On #3, the current iterator will be completed if the `maxTimeout` elapses, but the buffering continues in the background.

Any messages from a previous `receiveMessages` call that its Iterable couldn't read from the buffer (prefetch-queue) will be read and delivered by the Iterable from the next `receiveMessages` call on the same Client. 

> Let's take the previous example, say within `maxTimeout` of 5 sec, the service returned only 7 messages out of 10; in this case, the `messagesIterable` will complete after returning those 7 messages and exit the for loop. The remaining 3 messages can get buffered in the background. If the application again calls `receiveMessages(5, ..)`, then SDK initiates a request for 5 messages. The new Iterable read and deliver 5 messages from the buffer (starting with the first three messages buffered by initial `revceiveMessages` call).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take the previous example, say within `maxTimeout` of 5 sec, the service returned only 7 messages out of 10; the `messagesIterable` will complete after returning those 7 messages and exits the for-loop. The remaining 3 messages can get buffered in the background. If the application then calls `receiveMessages(5, ..)`, then SDK initiates a request for 5 messages. The new Iterable read and deliver 5 messages from the buffer (starting with the first three messages buffered by the initial `receiveMessages` call).
```
